README.md, before:

<div align="center">
<img src="./docs/images/icon.svg" alt="icon"/>

<h1 align="center">ChatGPT Next Web</h1>

English / [简体中文](./README_CN.md)

One-Click to deploy well-designed ChatGPT web UI on Vercel.

一键免费部署你的私人 ChatGPT 网页应用。

[Demo](https://chatgpt.nextweb.fun/) / [Issues](https://github.com/Yidadaa/ChatGPT-Next-Web/issues) / [Buy Me a Coffee](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/yidadaa)

[演示](https://chatgpt.nextweb.fun/) / [反馈](https://github.com/Yidadaa/ChatGPT-Next-Web/issues) / [QQ 群](https://github.com/Yidadaa/ChatGPT-Next-Web/discussions/1724) / [打赏开发者](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/16968934/227772541-5bcd52d8-61b7-488c-a203-0330d8006e2b.jpg)

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/clone?repository-url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2FYidadaa%2FChatGPT-Next-Web&env=OPENAI_API_KEY&env=CODE&project-name=chatgpt-next-web&repository-name=ChatGPT-Next-Web)

[![Open in Gitpod](https://gitpod.io/button/open-in-gitpod.svg)](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/Yidadaa/ChatGPT-Next-Web)

![cover](./docs/images/cover.png)

</div>

## Features

- **Deploy for free with one-click** on Vercel in under 1 minute
- Privacy first, all data stored locally in the browser
- Markdown support: LaTex, mermaid, code highlight, etc.
- Responsive design, dark mode and PWA
- Fast first screen loading speed (~100kb), support streaming response
- New in v2: create, share and debug your chat tools with prompt templates (mask)
- Awesome prompts powered by [awesome-chatgpt-prompts-zh](https://github.com/PlexPt/awesome-chatgpt-prompts-zh) and [awesome-chatgpt-prompts](https://github.com/f/awesome-chatgpt-prompts)
- Automatically compresses chat history to support long conversations while also saving your tokens
- I18n: English, 简体中文, 繁体中文, 日本語, Français, Español, Italiano, Türkçe, Deutsch, Tiếng Việt, Русский, Čeština, 한국어

## Roadmap

- [x] System Prompt: pin a user defined prompt as system prompt [#138](https://github.com/Yidadaa/ChatGPT-Next-Web/issues/138)
- [x] User Prompt: user can edit and save custom prompts to prompt list
- [x] Prompt Template: create a new chat with pre-defined in-context prompts [#993](https://github.com/Yidadaa/ChatGPT-Next-Web/issues/993)
- [x] Share as image, share to ShareGPT [#1741](https://github.com/Yidadaa/ChatGPT-Next-Web/pull/1741)
- [ ] Desktop App with tauri
- [ ] Self-host Model: support llama, alpaca, ChatGLM, BELLE etc.
- [ ] Plugins: support network search, calculator, any other apis etc. [#165](https://github.com/Yidadaa/ChatGPT-Next-Web/issues/165)

### Not in Plan

- User login, accounts, cloud sync
- UI text customize

## What's New

- 🚀 v2.0 is released, now you can create prompt templates, turn your ideas into reality! Read this: [ChatGPT Prompt Engineering Tips: Zero, One and Few Shot Prompting](https://www.allabtai.com/prompt-engineering-tips-zero-one-and-few-shot-prompting/).
- 🚀 v2.7 let's share conversations as image, or share to ShareGPT!

## 主要功能

- 在 1 分钟内使用 Vercel **免费一键部署**
- 完整的 Markdown 支持：LaTex 公式、Mermaid 流程图、代码高亮等等
- 精心设计的 UI，响应式设计，支持深色模式，支持 PWA
- 极快的首屏加载速度（~100kb），支持流式响应
- 隐私安全，所有数据保存在用户浏览器本地
- 预制角色功能（面具），方便地创建、分享和调试你的个性化对话
- 海量的内置 prompt 列表，来自[中文](https://github.com/PlexPt/awesome-chatgpt-prompts-zh)和[英文](https://github.com/f/awesome-chatgpt-prompts)
- 自动压缩上下文聊天记录，在节省 Token 的同时支持超长对话
- 多国语言支持：English, 简体中文, 繁体中文, 日本語, Español, Italiano, Türkçe, Deutsch, Tiếng Việt, Русский, Čeština
- 拥有自己的域名？好上加好，绑定后即可在任何地方**无障碍**快速访问

## 开发计划

- [x] 为每个对话设置系统 Prompt [#138](https://github.com/Yidadaa/ChatGPT-Next-Web/issues/138)
- [x] 允许用户自行编辑内置 Prompt 列表
- [x] 预制角色：使用预制角色快速定制新对话 [#993](https://github.com/Yidadaa/ChatGPT-Next-Web/issues/993)
- [x] 分享为图片，分享到 ShareGPT 链接 [#1741](https://github.com/Yidadaa/ChatGPT-Next-Web/pull/1741)
- [ ] 使用 tauri 打包桌面应用
- [ ] 支持自部署的大语言模型
- [ ] 插件机制，支持联网搜索、计算器、调用其他平台 api [#165](https://github.com/Yidadaa/ChatGPT-Next-Web/issues/165)

### 不会开发的功能

- 界面文字自定义
- 用户登录、账号管理、消息云同步

## 最新动态

- 🚀 v2.0 已经发布，现在你可以使用面具功能快速创建预制对话了！ 了解更多： [ChatGPT 提示词高阶技能：零次、一次和少样本提示](https://github.com/Yidadaa/ChatGPT-Next-Web/issues/138)。
- 💡 想要更方便地随时随地使用本项目？可以试下这款桌面插件：https://github.com/mushan0x0/AI0x0.com
- 🚀 v2.7 现在可以将会话分享为图片了，也可以分享到 ShareGPT 的在线链接。

## Get Started

> [简体中文 > 如何开始使用](./README_CN.md#开始使用)

1. Get [OpenAI API Key](https://platform.openai.com/account/api-keys);
2. Click
   [![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/clone?repository-url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2FYidadaa%2FChatGPT-Next-Web&env=OPENAI_API_KEY&env=CODE&project-name=chatgpt-next-web&repository-name=ChatGPT-Next-Web), remember that `CODE` is your page password;
3. Enjoy :)

## FAQ

[简体中文 > 常见问题](./docs/faq-cn.md)

[English > FAQ](./docs/faq-en.md)

## Keep Updated

> [简体中文 > 如何保持代码更新](./README_CN.md#保持更新)

If you have deployed your own project with just one click following the steps above, you may encounter the issue of "Updates Available" constantly showing up. This is because Vercel will create a new project for you by default instead of forking this project, resulting in the inability to detect updates correctly.

We recommend that you follow the steps below to re-deploy:

- Delete the original repository;
- Use the fork button in the upper right corner of the page to fork this project;
- Choose and deploy in Vercel again, [please see the detailed tutorial](./docs/vercel-cn.md).

### Enable Automatic Updates

> If you encounter a failure of Upstream Sync execution, please manually sync fork once.

After forking the project, due to the limitations imposed by GitHub, you need to manually enable Workflows and Upstream Sync Action on the Actions page of the forked project. Once enabled, automatic updates will be scheduled every hour:

![Automatic Updates](./docs/images/enable-actions.jpg)

![Enable Automatic Updates](./docs/images/enable-actions-sync.jpg)

### Manually Updating Code

If you want to update instantly, you can check out the [GitHub documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/working-with-forks/syncing-a-fork) to learn how to synchronize a forked project with upstream code.

You can star or watch this project or follow author to get release notifictions in time.

## Access Password

> [简体中文 > 如何增加访问密码](./README_CN.md#配置页面访问密码)

This project provides limited access control. Please add an environment variable named `CODE` on the vercel environment variables page. The value should be passwords separated by comma like this:

```
code1,code2,code3
```

After adding or modifying this environment variable, please redeploy the project for the changes to take effect.

## Environment Variables

> [简体中文 > 如何配置 api key、访问密码、接口代理](./README_CN.md#环境变量)

### `OPENAI_API_KEY` (required)

Your openai api key.

### `CODE` (optional)

Access passsword, separated by comma.

### `BASE_URL` (optional)

> Default: `https://api.openai.com`

> Examples: `http://your-openai-proxy.com`

Override openai api request base url.

### `OPENAI_ORG_ID` (optional)

Specify OpenAI organization ID.

### `HIDE_USER_API_KEY` (optional)

> Default: Empty

If you do not want users to input their own API key, set this value to 1.

### `DISABLE_GPT4` (optional)

> Default: Empty

If you do not want users to use GPT-4, set this value to 1.

## Development

> [简体中文 > 如何进行二次开发](./README_CN.md#开发)

[![Open in Gitpod](https://gitpod.io/button/open-in-gitpod.svg)](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/Yidadaa/ChatGPT-Next-Web)

Before starting development, you must create a new `.env.local` file at project root, and place your api key into it:

```
OPENAI_API_KEY=<your api key here>
```

### Local Development

```shell
# 1. install nodejs and yarn first
# 2. config local env vars in `.env.local`
# 3. run
yarn install
yarn dev
```

## Deployment

> [简体中文 > 如何部署到私人服务器](./README_CN.md#部署)

### Docker (Recommended)

```shell
docker pull yidadaa/chatgpt-next-web

docker run -d -p 3000:3000 \
   -e OPENAI_API_KEY="sk-xxxx" \
   -e CODE="your-password" \
   yidadaa/chatgpt-next-web
```

You can start service behind a proxy:

```shell
docker run -d -p 3000:3000 \
   -e OPENAI_API_KEY="sk-xxxx" \
   -e CODE="your-password" \
   -e PROXY_URL="http://localhost:7890" \
   yidadaa/chatgpt-next-web
```

### Shell

```shell
bash <(curl -s https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Yidadaa/ChatGPT-Next-Web/main/scripts/setup.sh)
```

## Screenshots

![Settings](./docs/images/settings.png)

![More](./docs/images/more.png)

## Donation

[Buy Me a Coffee](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/yidadaa)

## Special Thanks

### Sponsor

> 仅列出捐赠金额 >= 100RMB 的用户。

[@mushan0x0](https://github.com/mushan0x0)
[@ClarenceDan](https://github.com/ClarenceDan)
[@zhangjia](https://github.com/zhangjia)
[@hoochanlon](https://github.com/hoochanlon)
[@relativequantum](https://github.com/relativequantum)
[@desenmeng](https://github.com/desenmeng)
[@webees](https://github.com/webees)
[@chazzhou](https://github.com/chazzhou)
[@hauy](https://github.com/hauy)
[@Corwin006](https://github.com/Corwin006)
[@yankunsong](https://github.com/yankunsong)
[@ypwhs](https://github.com/ypwhs)
[@fxxxchao](https://github.com/fxxxchao)
[@hotic](https://github.com/hotic)
[@WingCH](https://github.com/WingCH)
[@jtung4](https://github.com/jtung4)
[@micozhu](https://github.com/micozhu)
[@jhansion](https://github.com/jhansion)
[@Sha1rholder](https://github.com/Sha1rholder)
[@AnsonHyq](https://github.com/AnsonHyq)
[@synwith](https://github.com/synwith)

### Contributor

[Contributors](https://github.com/Yidadaa/ChatGPT-Next-Web/graphs/contributors)

## LICENSE

[Anti 996 License](https://github.com/kattgu7/Anti-996-License/blob/master/LICENSE_CN_EN)

Commit message:

Translated Chinese text in README.md to English

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
<img src="./docs/images/icon.svg" alt="icon"/>

<h1 align="center">ChatGPT Next Web</h1>

English / [简体中文](./README_CN.md)

One-Click to deploy well-designed ChatGPT web UI on Vercel.

Deploy your private ChatGPT web application for free with one click.

[Demo](https://chatgpt.nextweb.fun/) / [Issues](https://github.com/Yidadaa/ChatGPT-Next-Web/issues) / [Buy Me a Coffee](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/yidadaa)

[Demo](https://chatgpt.nextweb.fun/) / [Feedback](https://github.com/Yidadaa/ChatGPT-Next-Web/issues) / [QQ Group](https://github.com/Yidadaa/ChatGPT-Next-Web/discussions/1724) / [Support Developer](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/16968934/227772541-5bcd52d8-61b7-488c-a203-0330d8006e2b.jpg)

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/clone?repository-url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2FYidadaa%2FChatGPT-Next-Web&env=OPENAI_API_KEY&env=CODE&project-name=chatgpt-next-web&repository-name=ChatGPT-Next-Web)

[![Open in Gitpod](https://gitpod.io/button/open-in-gitpod.svg)](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/Yidadaa/ChatGPT-Next-Web)

![cover](./docs/images/cover.png)

</div>

## Features

- **Deploy for free with one-click** on Vercel in under 1 minute
- Privacy first, all data stored locally in the browser
- Markdown support: LaTex, mermaid, code highlight, etc.
- Responsive design, dark mode and PWA
- Fast first screen loading speed (~100kb), support streaming response
- New in v2: create, share and debug your chat tools with prompt templates (mask)
- Awesome prompts powered by [awesome-chatgpt-prompts-zh](https://github.com/PlexPt/awesome-chatgpt-prompts-zh) and [awesome-chatgpt-prompts](https://github.com/f/awesome-chatgpt-prompts)
- Automatically compresses chat history to support long conversations while also saving your tokens
- I18n: English, 简体中文, 繁体中文, 日本語, Français, Español, Italiano, Türkçe, Deutsch, Tiếng Việt, Русский, Čeština, 한국어

## Roadmap

- [x] System Prompt: pin a user defined prompt as system prompt [#138](https://github.com/Yidadaa/ChatGPT-Next-Web/issues/138)
- [x] User Prompt: user can edit and save custom prompts to prompt list
- [x] Prompt Template: create a new chat with pre-defined in-context prompts [#993](https://github.com/Yidadaa/ChatGPT-Next-Web/issues/993)
- [x] Share as image, share to ShareGPT [#1741](https://github.com/Yidadaa/ChatGPT-Next-Web/pull/1741)
- [ ] Desktop App with tauri
- [ ] Self-host Model: support llama, alpaca, ChatGLM, BELLE etc.
- [ ] Plugins: support network search, calculator, any other apis etc. [#165](https://github.com/Yidadaa/ChatGPT-Next-Web/issues/165)

### Not in Plan

- User login, accounts, cloud sync
- UI text customize

## What's New

- 🚀 v2.0 is released, now you can create prompt templates, turn your ideas into reality! Read this: [ChatGPT Prompt Engineering Tips: Zero, One and Few Shot Prompting](https://www.allabtai.com/prompt-engineering-tips-zero-one-and-few-shot-prompting/).
- 🚀 v2.7 let's share conversations as image, or share to ShareGPT!

## Main Features

- Deploy for free with one click on Vercel within 1 minute
- Complete Markdown support: LaTex formulas, Mermaid flowcharts, code highlighting, etc.
- Well-designed UI, responsive design, supports dark mode, and PWA
- Extremely fast first screen loading speed (~100kb), supports streaming response
- Privacy and security, all data is saved locally in the user's browser
- Preset role function (mask), easily create, share, and debug your personalized conversations
- Massive built-in prompt list, from [Chinese](https://github.com/PlexPt/awesome-chatgpt-prompts-zh) and [English](https://github.com/f/awesome-chatgpt-prompts)
- Automatically compresses chat history to save tokens while supporting long conversations
- Multilingual support: English, 简体中文, 繁体中文, 日本語, Español, Italiano, Türkçe, Deutsch, Tiếng Việt, Русский, Čeština
- Have your own domain? Even better, bind it and access it quickly and without barriers anywhere

## Development Plan

- [x] Set system Prompt for each conversation [#138](https://github.com/Yidadaa/ChatGPT-Next-Web/issues/138)
- [x] Allow users to edit the built-in Prompt list
- [x] Preset roles: Quickly customize new conversations with preset roles [#993](https://github.com/Yidadaa/ChatGPT-Next-Web/issues/993)
- [x] Share as image, share to ShareGPT link [#1741](https://github.com/Yidadaa/ChatGPT-Next-Web/pull/1741)
- [ ] Package desktop application with tauri
- [ ] Support self-deployed large language models
- [ ] Plugin mechanism, support network search, calculator, call other platform apis [#165](https://github.com/Yidadaa/ChatGPT-Next-Web/issues/165)

### Features Not to Be Developed

- Customizable interface text
- User login, account management, message cloud synchronization

## Latest News

- 🚀 v2.0 has been released, now you can use the mask function to quickly create preset conversations! Learn more: [ChatGPT Advanced Prompt Skills: Zero, One, and Few Sample Prompts](https://github.com/Yidadaa/ChatGPT-Next-Web/issues/138).
- 💡 Want to use this project more conveniently anytime, anywhere? Try this desktop plugin: https://github.com/mushan0x0/AI0x0.com
- 🚀 v2.7 Now you can share conversations as images, or share them to ShareGPT's online links.

## Get Started

> [简体中文 > 如何开始使用](./README_CN.md#开始使用)

1. Get [OpenAI API Key](https://platform.openai.com/account/api-keys);
2. Click
   [![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/clone?repository-url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2FYidadaa%2FChatGPT-Next-Web&env=OPENAI_API_KEY&env=CODE&project-name=chatgpt-next-web&repository-name=ChatGPT-Next-Web), remember that `CODE` is your page password;
3. Enjoy :)

## FAQ

[简体中文 > 常见问题](./docs/faq-cn.md)

[English > FAQ](./docs/faq-en.md)

## Keep Updated

> [简体中文 > 如何保持代码更新](./README_CN.md#保持更新)

If you have deployed your own project with just one click following the steps above, you may encounter the issue of "Updates Available" constantly showing up. This is because Vercel will create a new project for you by default instead of forking this project, resulting in the inability to detect updates correctly.

We recommend that you follow the steps below to re-deploy:

- Delete the original repository;
- Use the fork button in the upper right corner of the page to fork this project;
- Choose and deploy in Vercel again, [please see the detailed tutorial](./docs/vercel-cn.md).

### Enable Automatic Updates

> If you encounter a failure of Upstream Sync execution, please manually sync fork once.

After forking the project, due to the limitations imposed by GitHub, you need to manually enable Workflows and Upstream Sync Action on the Actions page of the forked project. Once enabled, automatic updates will be scheduled every hour:

![Automatic Updates](./docs/images/enable-actions.jpg)

![Enable Automatic Updates](./docs/images/enable-actions-sync.jpg)

### Manually Updating Code

If you want to update instantly, you can check out the [GitHub documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/working-with-forks/syncing-a-fork) to learn how to synchronize a forked project with upstream code.

You can star or watch this project or follow author to get release notifictions in time.

## Access Password

> [简体中文 > 如何增加访问密码](./README_CN.md#配置页面访问密码)

This project provides limited access control. Please add an environment variable named `CODE` on the vercel environment variables page. The value should be passwords separated by comma like this:

```
code1,code2,code3
```

After adding or modifying this environment variable, please redeploy the project for the changes to take effect.

## Environment Variables

> [简体中文 > 如何配置 api key、访问密码、接口代理](./README_CN.md#环境变量)

### `OPENAI_API_KEY` (required)

Your openai api key.

### `CODE` (optional)

Access passsword, separated by comma.

### `BASE_URL` (optional)

> Default: `https://api.openai.com`

> Examples: `http://your-openai-proxy.com`

Override openai api request base url.

### `OPENAI_ORG_ID` (optional)

Specify OpenAI organization ID.

### `HIDE_USER_API_KEY` (optional)

> Default: Empty

If you do not want users to input their own API key, set this value to 1.

### `DISABLE_GPT4` (optional)

> Default: Empty

If you do not want users to use GPT-4, set this value to 1.

## Development

> [简体中文 > 如何进行二次开发](./README_CN.md#开发)

[![Open in Gitpod](https://gitpod.io/button/open-in-gitpod.svg)](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/Yidadaa/ChatGPT-Next-Web)

Before starting development, you must create a new `.env.local` file at project root, and place your api key into it:

```
OPENAI_API_KEY=<your api key here>
```

### Local Development

```shell
# 1. install nodejs and yarn first
# 2. config local env vars in `.env.local`
# 3. run
yarn install
yarn dev
```

## Deployment

> [简体中文 > 如何部署到私人服务器](./README_CN.md#部署)

### Docker (Recommended)

```shell
docker pull yidadaa/chatgpt-next-web

docker run -d -p 3000:3000 \
   -e OPENAI_API_KEY="sk-xxxx" \
   -e CODE="your-password" \
   yidadaa/chatgpt-next-web
```

You can start service behind a proxy:

```shell
docker run -d -p 3000:3000 \
   -e OPENAI_API_KEY="sk-xxxx" \
   -e CODE="your-password" \
   -e PROXY_URL="http://localhost:7890" \
   yidadaa/chatgpt-next-web
```

### Shell

```shell
bash <(curl -s https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Yidadaa/ChatGPT-Next-Web/main/scripts/setup.sh)
```

## Screenshots

![Settings](./docs/images/settings.png)

![More](./docs/images/more.png)

## Donation

[Buy Me a Coffee](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/yidadaa)

## Special Thanks

### Sponsor

> Only users with a donation amount >= 100RMB are listed.

[@mushan0x0](https://github.com/mushan0x0)
[@ClarenceDan](https://github.com/ClarenceDan)
[@zhangjia](https://github.com/zhangjia)
[@hoochanlon](https://github.com/hoochanlon)
[@relativequantum](https://github.com/relativequantum)
[@desenmeng](https://github.com/desenmeng)
[@webees](https://github.com/webees)
[@chazzhou](https://github.com/chazzhou)
[@hauy](https://github.com/hauy)
[@Corwin006](https://github.com/Corwin006)
[@yankunsong](https://github.com/yankunsong)
[@ypwhs](https://github.com/ypwhs)
[@fxxxchao](https://github.com/fxxxchao)
[@hotic](https://github.com/hotic)
[@WingCH](https://github.com/WingCH)
[@jtung4](https://github.com/jtung4)
[@micozhu](https://github.com/micozhu)
[@jhansion](https://github.com/jhansion)
[@Sha1rholder](https://github.com/Sha1rholder)
[@AnsonHyq](https://github.com/AnsonHyq)
[@synwith](https://github.com/synwith)

### Contributor

[Contributors](https://github.com/Yidadaa/ChatGPT-Next-Web/graphs/contributors)

## LICENSE

[Anti 996 License](https://github.com/kattgu7/Anti-996-License/blob/master/LICENSE_CN_EN)
